after taking time off to give birth and
take care of her daughter Amara that
barbaric so busy Christine Reyes father
say somebody by going up Emilia Telus
serious September you say life so yeah
almost almost
so far I don't open them and my mingling
at a no event something that isn't a
goal especially with the baby
ICSI by for me but I don't know as much
as possible seguro
but NASA by Yahoo yamaga handle ki maro
perak but in the Nima Papa oh you bad
bad classic acetone Denis arena with
Iggy saw him I mean very dramatic
although Naju Legion operation on 2011
suppresses hearts presents Christine I'm
excited to see young years now coming
Dena kept about all it is I'm excited DC
reunion a mental and very yellow happy
because I'm comfortable with it
duck duck 20 Christine this project will
also marker it seems of image she better
sad Kekaha didn't an assistant unchopped
there in a career in about not but I
know me boggling not like to go in
oh my gosh the school about Yardley the
fires I'm so ran but never let my fire
focus tires are more dramatic area
someone Tyler's in a good dream an
actress unpucker alarm on an alliance a
Capon seen pants in at Subramanya tan I
know well Naomi sat at the hospital she
could add a training link a cell phone
and jiu-jitsu the guy